[RUBY] Publish Gem - Update README (#209)
ShabadOS/gurmukhi-utils: ruby/README.md

# Gurmukhi Utils (Ruby)

> GurmukhiUtils is a utility gem for converting, analyzing, and testing Gurmukhi strings. The library provides various operations like Unicode conversion, ASCII conversion, and more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Utilities library for converting, analyzing, and testing Gurmukhi strings.
```

Trying to use a standard line for all the README's so end users can learn to skip reading it basically. If you want to add this info below that would be acceptable
